feat: add login logout proxy methods (#697)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/fundamentals/jina-ai-cloud/index.md

> # {octicon}`flame` Jina AI Cloud

Author: ```suggestion
# {octicon}`flame` Cloud Support
```

:::::{grid} 2
:gutter: 3

> ::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`person;1.5em` Login to Jina AI Cloud using DocArray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`person;1.5em` Log in to Jina AI Cloud using DocArray
```

> ::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`person;1.5em` Login to Jina AI Cloud using DocArray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`person;1.5em` Log in to Jina AI Cloud using DocArray
```

:link: login
:link-type: doc

> Login to Jina AI Cloud in order to be able to use and manage your cloud resources using DocArray. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Jina AI Cloud to use and manage your cloud resources using DocArray. 
```

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`fold-up;1.5em` Manage Data on Jina Cloud
:link: data
:link-type: doc

> Push, Pull and Manage DocumentArrays objects on Jina AI Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push, pull, and manage DocumentArrays objects on Jina AI Cloud.
```
